feat: remove `RTLTextPlugin` default for MapLibre (#2480)
visgl/react-map-gl: docs/upgrade-guide.md

  | `*Layer` | `*LayerSpecification` |
  | `*SourceRaw` | `*SourceSpecification` |

### MapLibre

#### Removed default for `RTLTextPlugin`

> The default `RTLTextPlugin` loaded from mapbox.com has been removed for MapBox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `RTLTextPlugin` loaded from mapbox.com has been removed to align with the default behavior of MapLibre.
```
